The last thing I want to show you when we talk about styling and theming our utility attributes you
always saw me use some of them for example the padding here.
This utility directive are unique to ships with a lot of such utility directives or attributes as they
call it.
And here you can see a list of them and what they do.
For example you can also get convenience attributes you can add to your elements which centered text.
Here we see the padding we already used.
You can also kind of be more specific about that you only want to have top or left padding and so on.
So these are all these helpful directives.
You will see me use them for the chorus and I will explain what they do.
But if you want to do some research and see if there is a directive you need it for your specific task.
This is where you should look for it.
Now with that I'd say let's move on to our first application.